Add Direction and Distance Finding Service (#6414)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth_services/services/ddfs.rst

.. _ddfs_readme:

Direction and Distance Finding Service (DDFS)
#############################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The Bluetooth® LE GATT Direction and Distance Finding Service is a custom service that provides publication of distance, azimuth and elavation measurement data.

> Additional support for measurement configuration.

Reviewer: This is a bit vague. What do you want to say actually? Does this service provide some support for Distance Measurement or ...?

Author: I wanted to say that the service allows publishing of measurements: distance, azimuth and elevation.
And additionally that it is possible to configure the parameters.

> The Bluetooth® LE GATT Direction and Distance Finding Service is a custom service that provides publication of distance, azimuth and elavation measurement data.
> Additional support for measurement configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bluetooth® LE GATT Direction and Distance Finding Service is a custom service that allows publication of distance, azimuth and elavation measurement data.
It also allows adjusting the measurement configuration parameters.
```

Service UUID
************

The 128-bit vendor-specific service UUID is 21490000-494a-4573-98af-f126af76f490.

Characteristics
***************

This service has the following characteristics.

> Distance Measurement Characteristic (21490001-494a-4573-98af-f126af76f490)

Reviewer: Are you sure you need to have the UUID in every title?

Author: I did this similar to the NUS service documentation. Maybe uuid should not be in the title.
It seems to me that writing a uuid is helpful to the user. Because it is a custom service.

Reviewer: Maybe we could get rid of that string of numbers in both docs. It looks awful and should be clear from the beginning of the document.

Author: In the Service UUID section I have posted a table that contains the UUID of the characteristics . What do you think about it?

Reviewer: Dunno really whether it is useful as the UUID is the same for all the listed characteristics anyway. I guess we can live without the table as the UUID is stated in the beginning already. You could maybe say that all the characteristics use the same one.

Author: The UUIDs are not the same, but are very similar. This is a custom service, so I think posting the UUID will make it easier to use.

==========================================================================

Notify:

>     Enable notifications for the Distance Measurement Characteristic to receive measurement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enable notifications for the Distance Measurement Characteristic to receive measurements.
```

Azimuth Measurement Characteristic (21490002-494a-4573-98af-f126af76f490)
==========================================================================

Notify:

>     Enable notifications for the Azimuth Measurement Characteristic to receive measurement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enable notifications for the Azimuth Measurement Characteristic to receive measurements.
```

Elevation Measurement Characteristic (21490003-494a-4573-98af-f126af76f490)
===========================================================================

Notify:

>     Enable notifications for the Elevation Measurement Characteristic to receive measurement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enable notifications for the Elevation Measurement Characteristic to receive measurements.
```
